ok here we are mark sanchez and mark has
been watching from the sideline very
patiently but very very supportive mark
your take right now on the status of the
knee and how you feeling out with the
Trojans oh the knees feeling a lot
better and rehabs going really well it's
one of the toughest things I've ever
done and I'm trying to get back we're
ahead of schedule dr. two bony was
pleased tonight you know said he's happy
with my progress and hopefully things
will work out and I'll be back for the
opener why we would practice last Friday
and we just everyone held their breath
for a second when we heard that this
strange event had happened and then it
be they began to give us some
information about the knee but East LA
is very supportive of you no matter what
you do marking and we're just anxious to
see you back on the field absolutely
thank you I mean now you said that I
really want to thank everybody for their
support and thoughts and prayers it's
really helping and you know truly
appreciate it means a lot to me so I'll
be back on the field in no time thanks
to them true leadership again shows
itself in many ways and we saw you on a
field in that golf cart encouraging your
back up so to speak or your teammates
Mitch Mustang an Air Corp and even
Garrett green they've got in here offer
some snaps today too absolutely they're
doing well and I mean there has been
much of a hiccup you know they've been
playing well making the reeds they know
the offense and I mean I even told him
just pretend I'm not even here you're
competing for the job and don't even
worry about me I'll encourage you I'll
help you out as much as I can and it's
good that we have a relationship like
that where we can do that that's right
one team and it's getting one philosophy
coach Carroll says hey everyone sticks
together here but mark you are on the
mend as they say a lot of people were
wondering will mark be ready you and
you've given us a very very strong
indication that yes you will I'm trying
to get back if it were up to me I'd be
back but the doctors are going to hold
me back as much as they can and we'll
see we'll see it's it's going to be a
fun process so I'm excited make sure
they save me a seat on the plane for
everything absolutely we will be right
every step of the way with you Martin
okay thank you so much all right as Nick
we're going to speak to to the other
half of the Sanchez family real quick
and we go from son to father and
sometimes it's fathered a son but Nick
Sanchez proud father mark how you doing
it I couldn't be any better things
things are very very good we
two martinis very upbeat very positive
and the doctors are very happy with it
the fact that it's not going to be as
serious as they once thought so this is
a very good sign well from all outward
appearances and from the doctor's
response in his reports and his findings
and the the great medical staff we have
here at the University everyone seems to
feel that the injury could have been
much more severe and in the big scheme
of things I think we were very fortunate
mark was very fortunate and he seems to
be responding very favorably to all the
treatment and all the all the rehab that
he's been working very diligently at and
things are going really well we couldn't
ask for things to be going any better
Trojan Family again supports an all
fastest whether it's in the classroom on
the field even in the doctor's office so
to speak it's the first class and a
wonderful rehab situation for mark right
now this this is just a great
opportunity that's that's very true
that's a great opportunity that's why
we're trying to take it is it's a it's a
it's a chance at an opportunity for Mark
to become stronger his characters being
tested here and his will is being tested
and I think this is a good chance for
him to to really show what he's really
made of here and I think I think he's
having he's having some success there
but we know that you know a little bit
of patience and the medical staff and
some prayers and all this tremendous
support that he's received within the
community and and here at the University
that marks going to be in really good
shape really soon well the prayers and
thoughts and again the strong support
from East LA is always with you and of
course with Mark and the Sanchez family
let's talk a little bit about the
Sanchez family how are they giving up
for this season I things couldn't be any
better I mean we've we've got a great
family we've been very blessed with it
with having a wonderful wonderful family
are extremely close and this is just one
of those things that Bond's us and lets
us get together more frequently than we
might have an opportunity to do but it's
just everyone's really looking forward
to it everyone couldn't be more excited
everyone's upbeat and we're looking
forward to having a wonderful wonderful
time in a wonderful season and
everyone's going to be everyone's just
just going to have a tremendous time
this season it's a beautiful time for
football absolutely and again a great
insight into the Sanchez family we
talked to about the ESPN article on the
Olympics is this this edition is out
already august eleventh and a great
insight and big story Viva Sanchez and
you want to know more and we show that
on our show to to a lot of our viewers
they were very excited to know that they
can find more information about your
family absolutely absolutely and there's
a we've got a very diverse family we've
got a wonderful family a huge family as
I think folks maybe you're beginning to
realize it and a family we're very very
proud of and we're all proud of everyone
within the family everyone's very proud
of mark and and so we're very fortunate
to be able to get together and the
article was just something was a
blessing for them for us as a whole and
it's just been anything it's been a neat
experience for everyone and just give it
everyone an opportunity to show how
strong and how bonded we really are Nick
last question is so important that coach
Carroll stays in close contact with you
absolutely couldn't ask for a better a
better mentor for mark couldn't ask for
a better man coach girls are wonderful
is a great football coach as we all know
but I think a lot of folks don't realize
they don't appreciate what a fine man he
is and those individuals that he
surrounds himself with the remainder of
the coaching staff and and the athletic
department is just wonderful me which is
wonderful people so we couldn't ask for
better than coach Carroll there it is
niksun chance thank you very pleasurable
be talking with you throughout the
season ii time okay there you go Nick
Sanchez a proud father of Mark Sanchez
part of the Trojan Family as we begin to
wind down here looks like the lights are
going out here the Coliseum not entirely
but we'll send our camera around here to
East LA on each selling sports see
trying to pick up a few more interviews
with the players we'll be right back